Mark sending Open Telemetry traces via GRPC as deprecated (#869)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: CHANGELOG.md

* Dependency updates (Kafka 3.6.1, Kubernetes configuration provider 1.1.2, Vert.x 4.5.2, Netty 4.1.106.Final, Jackson FasterXML 2.16.1, Micrometer 1.12.2)
* Fixed missing messaging semantic attributes to the Kafka consumer spans

> * Deprecating the use of GRPC in the Open Telemetry integration. Please switch to using `http/protobuf` by specifying `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=http/protobuf` 

Reviewer: I think this should be stated in the documentation as well. @PaulRMellor can we coordinate on this, when this PR will land?

> * Deprecating the use of GRPC in the Open Telemetry integration. Please switch to using `http/protobuf` by specifying `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=http/protobuf` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **The support of GRPC in the Open Telemetry integration is deprecated and will be removed in the future.**
  Please switch to using `http/protobuf` by specifying `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=http/protobuf` and update the collector address.
```

Reviewer: It should also be "OpenTelemetry" (no space).
